# Creating a machine learning model in 2 hours to project the best fantasy baseball players
My attempt to make my first machine learning algorithm. This model projects the MLB baseball players that will produce the most fantasy points in under 2 hours (before my draft). This is by no means a finished or polished product, just something to showcase what I can do in a time crunch. This is my first attempt at using machine learning. Because of the time crunch, I did not make a lot of comments or explain too in-depth what I was doing in many of the steps. I plan on improving upon this project in the future since I did make some mistakes that I could not feasibly solve in 2 hours in a different repository.

## Methodology
I spent around 20 minutes thinking about what data would be the best for my analysis and getting the data, as I only wanted to include factors that were the most indicative of success. I had to get two different datasets, one for pitchers and one for hitters. I ultimately got all my data off statcast data from [Baseball Savant](https://baseballsavant.mlb.com/). I then had to wrangle the data by getting rid of duplicate rows and handling columns with empty values. I also calculated the fantasy points for each of the players based on Yahoo Fantasy's standard scoring system. I then normalized the numerical data, and trained scikit-learn's [LinearRegression](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.LinearRegression.html) model. I ran some simple tests on the model (R$^2$ and MAE), and displayed the top 40 scoring players from 2024 and 2023 as the model's best projected players.
